= BMEM Schedule Engine

BMEM mountable engine for scheduling people for shifts.

The high level scheduling data model:
* People have a name.  They've probably got a lot more, but that's for some
  other module to worry about.
* People have many positions.
* Positions represent a role a person may sign up for.
* Some positions are available to everyone, others are granted to a few.
* Events have a start and end date.
* Events have many shifts.
* Shifts have a start and end date/time.
* Shifts have many slots.
* Slots represent a position in a shift such as "manager" during "afternoon."
* Slots have many people signed up for them.  They can have a minimum and/or
  maximum number of people signed up.

The schedule engine is typically mounted at /schedule with controllers
* /schedule/positions
* /schedule/people
* /schedule/events
* /schedule/shifts
* /schedule/slots
Con may be scoped to a specific event: /schedule/events/1/shifts will show just
the shifts for event #1, /schedule/events/1/people will show just the people
involved in event #1, etc.


= BMEM Core

TODO split this functionality into a bmem-core gem.

BMEM is a modular system for managing scheduling and personnel for events.
The primary goal is to create a system for volunteer scheduling at Burning Man,
but it can be just as easily used for other events and organizations.
BMEM is based on Ruby on Rails.

The bmem-core gem provides helpers, base classes, and other utilities upon which
engines and applications can be built.  Additional gems provide modular
functionality such as scheduling and personnel management through Rails engines.
An organization's BMEM-based Rails application can include whatever BMEM engines
are useful and leave out or provide custom replacements for the others.


= BMEM Code and Development

BMEM code is copyright Black Rock City, LLC and is made available under the
open source Apache license.  By contributing code to BMEM, you consent for that
code to be used under the BMEM license.

If you are interested in contributing to BMEM, send a message to
bmem-list-subscribe at burningman dot com to join the mailing list.

BMEM is hosted on GitHub.  Git is a distributed source control system that lets
you make unlimited local edits and branches and effectively merge your changes
with others working on the same project.  If you're new to Git or GitHub, read
the *Beginner* section of http://help.github.com

When you're ready to hack on BMEM, fork git://github.com/bmem/schedule and send
pull requests to bmem with your changes.  (If you're working on something
significant, please discuss it first in an issue or on the mailing list.)

To check out and run the code (assuming you have installed Ruby, Rails, Ruby
Gems, and Bundler):
  mkdir bmem && cd bmem
  git clone git@github.com:bmem/schedule.git
  cd schedule
  bundle install
  cd test/dummy
  rails server
  # visit http://localhost:3000/ and take a look around

The maintainers would love it if you included tests along with your changes.
Also, please keep most code to 80 columns wide in a readable style.  An
exception is made for files that are mostly markup (HAML, ERB), since they're
often more readable when they're > 80 columns.
